Clarifying -s behavior on fusion (#9122)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/02-upgrading-to-fusion.md

Some historic CLI flags in dbt Core will no longer do anything in Fusion. If you pass them into a dbt command using Fusion, the command will not error, but the flag will do nothing (and warn accordingly).

> One exception to this rule: The `--models` / `--model` / `-m` flag was renamed to `--select` / `-s` way back in dbt Core v0.21 (Oct 2021). Silently skipping this flag means ignoring your command's selection criteria, which could mean building your entire DAG when you only meant to select a small subset. For this reason, the `--models` / `--model` / `-m` flag **will raise an error** in Fusion. Please update your job definitions accordingly.

Reviewer: way back when!

> One exception to this rule: The `--models` / `--model` / `-m` flag was renamed to `--select` / `-s` way back in dbt Core v0.21 (Oct 2021). Silently skipping this flag means ignoring your command's selection criteria, which could mean building your entire DAG when you only meant to select a small subset. For this reason, the `--models` / `--model` / `-m` flag **will raise an error** in Fusion. Please update your job definitions accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One exception to this rule: The `--models` / `--model` / `-m` flag was renamed to `--select` / `-s` way back in dbt Core v0.21 (Oct 2021). Rather than quietly accepting the old flag and ignoring your selection criteria — which could mean building your entire <Term id="dag"/> when you only meant a small subset — Fusion will raise an error. Please update your job definitions accordingly.
```

> If you pass `--models` as the value to `-s` (for example, `dbt run -s --models`), Fusion's stricter CLI arg parsing will error because no valid selector value was supplied to `-s`. dbt Core silently treated `--models` as a model name in this case. Update any scripts or job definitions using this pattern to pass a valid selector value.

Author: ```suggestion
If you pass `--models` as the value to `-s` (for example, `dbt run -s --models`), Fusion's stricter CLI arg parsing will throw an error because no valid selector value was supplied to `-s`. dbt Core silently treated `--models` as a model name in this case. Update any scripts or job definitions using this pattern to pass a valid selector value.
```
